Adjust pools, clusters and queues docs (#1265)
unionai/docs: content/user-guide/cluster-workload-management/clusters.md

### The co-named queue

Registering a cluster also creates an implicit **co-named queue**: a queue with
the same name as the cluster, in the cluster's pool, whose selector names that
one cluster explicitly — not the `*` wildcard. So `flyte create cluster
prod-us-east-1` also gives you a `prod-us-east-1` queue that routes only to
`prod-us-east-1`, and every cluster can be targeted by name from day one, with no
queue setup:

```python
flyte.with_runcontext(queue="prod-us-east-1").run(main)
```

Registration additionally ensures the org-wide `default` queue exists. The
`default` queue lives in the `default` pool with the `*` selector, so it routes
to every healthy, enabled cluster in the `default` pool: a cluster registered
there joins it automatically, while a cluster in any other pool never does.

Both are ordinary queues — they appear in `flyte get queue`, carry the same
concurrency, depth, priority, and fairness settings as any other, and are managed
the same way on the [Managing queues](./queues) page. Two behaviors are specific
to the co-named queue: it follows its cluster if the cluster is
[reassigned to another pool](#move-a-cluster-to-a-different-pool), and its

> selector empties out if the cluster is [deleted](#delete-a-cluster).

Reviewer: Same finding as the delete section below: the co-named queue is deleted with the cluster, not left with an empty selector.

```suggestion
to the co-named queue: it follows its cluster if the cluster is
[reassigned to another pool](#move-a-cluster-to-a-different-pool), and it is
deleted along with the cluster if the cluster is [deleted](#delete-a-cluster).
```

{{< tabs "move-cluster" >}}
{{< tab "CLI" >}}
{{< markdown >}}

```bash
flyte update cluster prod-us-east-1 --pool prod
flyte update cluster prod-us-east-1 --pool prod --yes   # skip the confirmation prompt
```

Without `--yes`, the CLI warns that the operation is unsafe and asks you to
confirm.

{{< /markdown >}}
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab "Programmatic" >}}
{{< markdown >}}

```python
from flyteplugins.union.remote import Cluster

Cluster.update("prod-us-east-1", cluster_pool_name="prod")
```

There is no confirmation prompt on this path.

{{< /markdown >}}
{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Before you move a cluster

1. **Repoint custom-named queues.** Any queue *other* than the one named after
   the cluster that pins it must be repointed or removed from the cluster first,
   or the move is rejected. The cluster's [co-named queue](#the-co-named-queue)
   moves to the destination pool with it, automatically.
   `flyte get cluster <name>` lists the queues bound to the cluster.
2. **Let runs finish.** [Draining](./queues#drain-and-reactivate-a-queue) is
   coming in a future release; until it ships, wait for in-flight work to finish,

>    watching with `flyte get queue <name> --watch`.

Reviewer: Small thing I couldn't resolve from the code: `Queue.drain()` and `flyte update queue --drain` have existed since v0.5.2, and the leasor has a full `Draining`/`Drained` state machine with a drain-completion loop. But the drain section says the control plane *rejects* drain requests, which is a server-side gate I can't see from the SDK.

Is that gate still in place? If it lifted, this item and the one at line 231 both change.

3. **Check for apps and v1 executions.** A cluster does not only serve runs: it
   can also be hosting [apps](../serve-and-deploy-apps/_index) and legacy v1
   executions, which {{< key product_name >}} still supports today. There is
   currently **no way to see how many apps or v1 executions are running on a
   given cluster**, and the queue precondition above does not account for them,
   so nothing will block the move. If any are running when you reassign the
   cluster, the cluster can be marked unhealthy and drop out of scheduling until
   the mismatch is resolved. Confirm out-of-band that the cluster is idle before
   moving it.
4. **Make sure the configs match.** The destination pool's config must match
   what the cluster reports, or the cluster goes unhealthy shortly after the

>    move — see below.

Reviewer: Depends on the at-most-one-cluster finding above. When the destination pool has at most one cluster, the cluster doesn't go unhealthy: it silently rewrites the destination pool's config instead. That's arguably the more dangerous outcome and currently isn't documented anywhere. Worth calling out explicitly once the mechanism above is settled.

whichever side is wrong:

- **The cluster's config**: the reported values come from the deployed data
  plane, so change them where that deployment is defined (Terraform, Helm values,
  and so on) and redeploy the cluster. The control plane picks up the new values
  on the cluster's next status report.
- **The pool's config**: run `flyte update cluster-pool <pool>`, which opens the
  pool in your `$EDITOR`. See [Update a pool](./cluster-pools#update-a-pool).

## Delete a cluster

[Drain](./queues#drain-and-reactivate-a-queue) or repoint any queues bound to a
cluster before removing it, so in-flight work isn't lost when the cluster goes
away. (Draining is coming in a future release; until it ships, repoint the queue
or wait for its in-flight work to finish.)

Deleting a cluster automatically removes it from the selector of every queue
that pins it explicitly; wildcard (`*`) queues are unaffected. A queue whose
selector becomes empty stops routing work anywhere until you point it at
another cluster **in its pool**. You cannot move a queue to another pool, so if
the replacement cluster lives in a different pool, create a new queue there

> instead.

Reviewer: This is pre-existing text, but the code moved under it. `clusterRepo.Delete` calls `partitionExplicitQueues` and returns `FailedPrecondition` ("remove the cluster from those queues before deleting") for any explicit reference other than the co-named queue. Nothing is auto-unpinned, and the co-named queue is deleted rather than emptied.

```suggestion
Deleting a cluster is **rejected** while any queue other than its co-named queue
still names it explicitly: unpin the cluster from those queues first. Wildcard
(`*`) queues never block the delete. The cluster's
[co-named queue](#the-co-named-queue) is deleted along with the cluster.
```
